{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10900\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 App maker, app maker, make me an app!\
\
I want to build a react application called \'93PlanWise\'94 with the following features:\
\
1. core functionality:\
	- home page user can login with username and password and login button, or click create account button.\
	- if login, just take them to the main app page \'93
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Smart Event Entry\'94\
	- if create account, users create an account with first name, last name, username, password (no dbs setup yet, so for now just save this somewhere locally like login_info.csv with cols username, password) and click "create account"\
	- Then next page is membership type. users choose basic plan $0, only can use 
\f0\fs24 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 main app page \'93
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Smart Event Entry\'94, monthly plan $5, for 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Premium Features, or $80 for whole life membership.\
	- next page is payment page. Here they enter credit card info and click pay.  Stripe will handle paymet. Each of these options has a sepearte stripe price id. All the relevent API keys are in my 2 .env files, one for the front end and one for the backend server that handles the stripe payment.  Just tell me what to call the varibles in these 2 .env files.\
	-    - next if payment is successful, it goes to the page 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \outl0\strokewidth0 Smart Event Entry. and all other feature panel will not show grey locked sign.\
	- on Smart Event Entry page, there\'92s calendar, and also chatbox. the user can use 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Natural language input like \'93Lunch with Sarah next Friday at noon\'94 gets parsed into calendar entries. use API.\
	- Add a logout button to the top that takes me back to the login page.\
	- prrmium feature (locked if not a membership): Auto Task Scheduler: Input tasks and deadlines, auto-generate optimal schedules. 
\f2\fs24 \strokec2 \uc0\u29992 \u25143 \u36755 \u20837 \u24819 \u23436 \u25104 \u30340 \u25152 \u26377 \u20219 \u21153  + \u21508 \u33258 deadline \u31995 \u32479 \u26681 \u25454 \u26102 \u38388 \u31354 \u26723 \u19982 \u20219 \u21153 \u20248 \u20808 \u32423 \u65292 \u33258 \u21160 \u29983 \u25104 \u19968 \u20010 \u39640 \u25928 \u30340 \u26085 \u31243 \u34920 ; \u20351 \u29992  
\f3\fs26 \strokec2 color coding
\f2\fs24 \strokec2  \uc0\u26469 \u26631 \u35760 \u19981 \u21516 \u31867 \u22411 \u20219 \u21153 \u65288 \u23398 \u20064 \u12289 \u23089 \u20048 \u12289 \u20581 \u36523 \u31561 \u65289 
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \strokec2 \
	- premium feature (Locked if not a membership): Group Availability Coordination: Multiple users can input their availability and find common free time slots. Try the same thing as https://www.when2meet.com/\
	- Habit-Based Recommendations: Daily routine suggestions based on the user's past behavior. 
\f2\fs24 \strokec2 \uc0\u31995 \u32479 \u27599 \u22825 \u26681 \u25454 \u20320 \u20197 \u24448 \u30340 \u34892 \u20026 \u20064 \u24815  + \u24773 \u32490 \u29366 \u20917 \u65288 \u20320 \u25171 \u20998 \u65289 \u25512 \u33616 \u19968 \u20010 \'93\u29702 \u24819 \u26085 \u31243 \'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \uc0\u29992 \u20110 \u26102 \u38388 \u31649 \u29702  & \u24773 \u32490 \u31649 \u29702 \u65288 Morning Journal\u12289 Evening Reflection). users can record their daily mood. (you can have signs like \'93happy\'94 \'93sad\'94, etc.)\
\
2. Visual Design:\
	- use as concise as possible scheme. make all things easy to understand, easy to use.\
	- name it \'93PlanWise\'94\
3. Technical Requirements:\
   - Built with React (create-react-app)\
   - Use Stripe for handling payment on a seperate backend java server\
   - Use Tailwind CSS for styling\
   - Make it responsive for different screen sizes\
Please generate ALL the necessary files for this application:\
1a. A complete package.json with all required dependencies for front end\
1b. A complete package.json with all required dependencies for backe end\
2. App.js with the full React component\
3. tailwind.config.js for the Tailwind setup\
4. postcss.config.js for PostCSS configuration\
5. index.css with all required styles including Tailwind directives\
6. server.js file with backend server code\
7. A components folder with all the component files.  Put all compents in here, so App.js can import them.  This makes the app more modular and eaiser to edit.\
\
I will create an app in VS code, and then add in or edit the app files.  Please provide a full file directory and insttructions on what to created or edit, and how to run the app.  Assume I begin with VS code and have already installed nodjs.\
}